fix(FEC-12132): Add documentation (#8)
kaltura/playkit-js-ui-managers: docs/guide.md

> # usage guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Usage guide
```

Author: fixed

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
    - [First step: setup](#first-step-setup)
    - [Second step: access and use the desired service inside the plugin](#second-step-access-and-use-the-desired-service-inside-the-plugin)
- [Full working example](https://github.com/kaltura/playkit-js-ui-managers/tree/master/demo)

## Getting started

### First step: setup

First include `playkit-ui-managers.js` after kaltura-player script in your web page.

```html
  <script src="https://raw.githack.com/kaltura/kaltura-player-js/master/dist/kaltura-ovp-player.js"></script>
  <script src="./playkit-ui-managers.js"></script>
```

> Add the ui-managers to the setup config like any other plugin in addition to the plugin uses the ui-managers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the ui-managers plugin configuration object to the player plugins configuration.
```

Author: fixed

```js
    const config = {
      targetId: 'player-placeholder',
      provider: {
        partnerId: 1234567,
      },
      plugins: {
        somePlugin: {},
        uiManagers: {}
      }
    };

const player = KalturaPlayer.setup(config);
```

### Second step: access and use the desired service inside the plugin

> get and use the desired service using the player's api inside the loadMedia() hook of your plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access and use the desired service by using the player's api inside the loadMedia() hook of your plugin.
```
